so you want to be more Buffy
well push-ups are quick easy and they
can help you build the muscle mass
you've always dreamed about all you have
to do is pay attention to a couple of
simple but key factors number one doing
push-ups correctly no matter how many
pushups you do a day if you perform them
wrong your body won't change one bit the
most important thing here is the form
your body makes your lower back should
be perfectly straight your feet have to
be no more than shoulder-width apart and
your elbows should make a twenty to
forty degree angle from your belly to
get the most out of a push-up lower your
body all the way to the floor and touch
it with your chest just don't forget to
breathe in as you lower your body down
and breathe up as you go back up number
two rep range usually the best range for
building a prominent muscle mass is six
to twelve reps however there are some
details that you should take into
consideration here everyone's body
responds to a certain number of reps
differently for some people three to
five reps are enough to get a toned body
while others get the same result with
fifteen to twenty five reps that's why
it's important to mix it up and include
all kinds of reps in your workout start
with two steps of low three to five reps
they'll make your body stronger thanks
to their high intensity then go for two
sets of medium six to twelve reps
they'll allow you to make a smooth
transition to the last two sets of high
thirteen to twenty five reps at this
point your ligaments and tendons that
support the muscles you want to build
will get strong enough to help you
achieve the muscle mass you want number
three for aggression challenging your
muscles is the key to building a great
muscle mass and how can you do that when
you always repeat the same thing just
like with rep range you got to change it
up do push-ups from the knees from a
standard plank
one armed with a little weight on your
back with your hands close together the
options are endless changing the surface
on which you perform your push-ups can
be a massive help as well
with a new challenge every single day
your muscles will grow strong and
prominent in no time
number four measuring results to make
sure that your training is really
working make it a habit to track your
progress during your journey before you
even begin training use a tape measure
to figure out the exact dimensions of
your shoulders arms and chest then start
with the simplest workout you can think
of and continue using a tape measure to
check how much muscle mass you built
when this training session stops working
adjust it to a more challenging one and
stick to using a tape measure to see how
well this new exercise routine is
working keep increasing the intensity of
your workouts just like that till you
get the muscle mass you want then you
can simply repeat your last training
session regularly to maintain your new
muscle mass and there you go that's all
you need to know about push-ups to get
the body of your dreams however if you
want to get to the desired results
faster there are a couple of other
factors you should pay attention to
number one recognizing your type
imagine this you have a flawless
training routine that you perform
regularly
you eat perfectly but you still can't
gain the muscle mass you strive for is
that it what are you doing wrong the
answer lies in your genes there are two
main types of muscle fibers type one
those people have to work really hard to
get impressive muscle mass and type two
these lucky ones gain muscles fast so if
you do everything you can and still
can't get a body of your dreams
you're definitely type one these types
of bodies respond best to endurance
training so make sure to include a large
portion of them in your workout routine
and a weight positive changes
number two training if you want to stick
to a more diverse training instead of
focusing on push-ups
make sure your workouts lasts no more
than one hour the key to gaining muscle
is the intensity of your training not
the longevity of it
regular resting periods are important to
just make them under a minute and keep
the tempo of your training up don't
hesitate to use weights or barbells they
make your muscles work and boost their
growing process
remember if you lift the same amount of
weight you did a couple of months ago
you're not building muscle this is a
major red flag that your workout
strategy is not working and it's time to
change things up number three doing yoga
believe it or not Yoga is a perfect
solution if you really need to jazz
things up in your training sessions it
works out large muscle groups helps to
gain flexibility and improves your
mental health a hall at the same time if
your original exercise routine is
working great though you can still
include a couple of yoga stretches in
your off days to keep your muscles in
shape without overworking them do tree
pose bridge pose triangle pose cobra
pose and warrior one pose and feel your
muscles getting bigger and stronger
number four listening to music
countless researchers show that turning
on feel-good music during your workout
helps to increase its productivity and
therefore get to the final goal faster
this happens because of a variety of
factors the rhythm boosts the intensity
of your training inspires you and shifts
your focus completely on the result
moreover music enhances your muscle
memory allowing you to make your
performance better and better with every
session this is really cool Alexa play
my motivational playlist number five
drinking smoothies providing your body
with an additional dose of protein
during your workout can make a huge
difference for your muscle growth and
you don't have to buy any protein
smoothies you can make one yourself take
12 ounces of water one fistful of
spinach two cups of frozen make
marries half a cup of plain low-fat
yogurt two scoops of vanilla whey
protein powder 1 tablespoon of walnuts
and 1 tablespoon of ground flax seeds
throw all the stuff in the blender and
the super drink is ready then simply
drink this smoothie during your training
to give your muscles crucial nutrients
and elements for fast and healthy growth
number six eating habits a lot of people
make a huge mistake of eating very
little when they're not training never
do that on these days your muscles start
to slowly but steadily grow which means
that they crave all kinds of nutrients
and minerals you may want to lay off
carbs for a bit since you don't need to
keep your energy high for a workout but
your protein intake has to be perfect so
make sure to add more eggs
almonds broccoli oats Greek yogurt and
other protein high foods in your menu
and don't forget about your calorie
intake it shouldn't drop by more than
500 calories number 7 drinking milk
dr. Coleman Rd and the director of
nutrition at Miami Research Associates
says that a combo of carbohydrates with
protein about 30 minutes before going to
bed is helpful for muscle gain the
calories that you consume stay with you
during your sleep and even decrease
protein breakdown in your muscles it can
be Raisin Bran with a bit of milk or
anything else you like just keep in mind
that you have to eat the same thing in
the morning to be persistent about it
and it won't be long till you see the
result number 8 sleeping schedule when
you sleep your body releases human
growth hormone that allows your muscles
to fully recover and grow so naturally a
healthy sleeping schedule can do wonders
for your muscles a study that was
published in the Journal of American
Medical Association showed that sleeping
for roughly five hours cuts muscle
building testosterone levels by 10 to 15
percent
that's why experts recommend seven to
eight hours of sleep every night it's
more than enough for your body to relax
and your muscles to grow
so are you pumped up now do you have any
tips of your own on how to build more
muscles sound off in the comments below
don't forget to give this video a like
share it with your friends and click
Subscribe stay on the bright side
[Music]